♪ MTV ♪
[Anahu]
We want payback for this.
[Dwight]
I know.
- We're at war.
- This is for you.
Jimmy's mother
wanted you to have it.
I hope to put this to good use.
Got a proposition for you.
Maybe a path back.
- What's that?
- Get Dwight back into the fold.
As long as Tulsa's his,
it ain't ours.
We need to put our
differences aside.
Why are you so desperate
to let everybody know
that you weren't involved
in trying to kill me?
It wasn't me, Dwight.
It was Ming.
Manfredi knows it was you
behind the car bombing.
- And now he's coming for me.
- Hard.
How do I get to him?
Just around the corner.
- [horse neighs]
- [gunfire]
[grunting]
This is the man who caused
all the bloodletting.
Armand returned the 500 grand
and helped
set this whole thing up.
So, Armand, we're square.
Bigfoot, you wanna bury that?
♪ twangy music ♪
***
[Dwight]
How big is this farm?
[Thresher]
18,200 acres.
[Dwight]
Lot of land, lot of profit.
Yeah.
You know, I feel like I owe you
for taking care
of that whole Ming situation.
What do you mean "owe"?
A partnership.
You think I'm doing this--
or we did this-- for free?
Oh, I know nothing
comes for free.
You need to be compensated, fairly.
So name a price.
I'm not here to negotiate.
That's what businessmen do,
Dwight, we discuss things.
"Discuss things"?
You're breathing.
You're walking around.
You're smelling the coffee.
All right,
I saved your ass, Thresher.
I put your enemy in the ground,
and you're
gonna follow him if you...
negate this deal.
Are you threatening me?
You'd never do that.
Do you know why?
Because I'm not some
disposable thug
that you'd normally
just get rid of.
So don't threaten me with this
"I'm gonna make you disappear"
routine.
You'd never get away with it.
And you can forget
about owning all of this.
So let's discuss and negotiate
like gentlemen.
Fine.
Bigfoot?
Yeah?
Kill him.
[cocks revolver]
Aw, shove it up your ass,
Sasquatch.
♪ tense music ♪
***
Put it down.
I'm impressed.
- Really? Why?
- Yeah.
You got guts, Cal.
What does that mean?
It means
I'm gonna give you a chance
to try to think clearly.
Okay?
I'm taking all of this,
every bit,
'cause I got rid of Ming
for you.
And you should be
thanking me because
you were a dead man.
But you know
what you suffer from?
I'm afraid you're gonna tell me.
Pride.
Pride will get you killed
faster than anything.
This is not your world, pal.
This is the underworld,
and people like you
should stay out of it.
People like you
get killed in the underworld.
So...
you were born rich.
You have oil money.
Go live your rich life.
And forget the gangster life.
Leave the gangster life
to fucking gangsters.
Point well taken.
I never did enjoy
this enterprise, anyway.
Good luck, Dwight.
Fuck off.
[kisses]
***
- [Tyson] You good, O.G.?
- [Dwight] Yeah.
18,000 acres, big-time.
- I mean, that's...
- It's-it's a lot.
I thought my boy Bigfoot
was about to Swiss cheese
Thresher.
No, that was, like,
a negotiating tool.
But I'll tell you something,
we got to stop
leaving a trail of bodies
wherever we go.
Right?
Things have got to change.
We got to change.
♪ Run it up, run it up ♪
♪ Run them numbers to the sky ♪
♪ Crank it up, crank it up ♪
♪ Make me feel like I can fly ♪
♪ Run it up, run it up ♪
♪ Run them numbers to the sky ♪
♪ Crank it up, crank it up ♪
♪ Make me feel like I can fly ♪
***
♪ percussive, upbeat music ♪
[jazzy music playing]
And... one more.
That's it?
All done.
You are now the new
and hopefully proud owner
of Donnie Shore's Auto Corral.
Well, ain't that
just music to my ears.
How do you feel, Donnie?
Well... I never once thought
I'd sell 352 cars
in one day. [laughs]
Let me ask you,
what are you gonna do
with that windfall of yours?
I was thinking I'd open
a competing dealership
down the street.
[laughing] I got you.
You damn near did.
You sly dog. Congratulations.
The same to you.
Thank you so much.
- [phone rings]
- [Dwight] Hello?
- General.
- [Dwight over phone] Yeah.
Just calling to let you know
that we're under new management.
What's that mean?
Chickie's out.
Really? When you say "out,"
you mean "down and out"?
Just moved aside,
with the full support
of the other families.
What's important now
is I'm in charge.
Oh, that's great.
So, the, uh, inmates
have taken over the asylum.
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
He's headed your way.
You should know that.
Why?
He's been given an ultimatum.
The other families think you
should be kicking back to us.
If Chickie can't convince you,
for all intents and purposes,
he's done here.
Kicking back?
That won't be happening.
Good.
I didn't want that psycho
around anymore anyway.
How Chickie treated you
was a disgrace.
Pete, too, if I'm being honest.
Whatever happens, I hope
together we can move forward.
That's bullshit, man.
Okay, Vince. The only thing
I want moving forward over you
is a fucking bus.
- [laughs]
- What does that mean?
Could've been more specific.
I don't know. [laughs]
[phone beeps]
[line beeps]
Think he's starting
to warm up to me.
♪ "All the Neighbors"
by Nice Motor ♪
***
♪ And I feel the need... ♪
So, what did New York
have to say?
- Well, Chickie's done.
- Done?
He's gonna go nuts.
Yeah. New York wants
what we got going on here.
They think I'm gonna
go back to New York.
They think Chickie's
gonna talk me into that.
That's not gonna happen.
According to who?
Vince.
You're gonna give
all this to New York?
I mean, you built this alone
with your bare hands.
Yeah. This belongs to all of us,
but as long as I keep
pulling the strings,
they're gonna keep coming.
Boss. We have a visitor.
Who is it?
[sighs]
You said we were gonna talk.
It's been a couple days.
Here I am, again.
[chuckles] You know, the
mountain didn't go to Muhammad.
No.
So, what can I do for you?
I spoke to Thresher.
Said he was done, out.
Yeah. That's the deal.
Good. Fuck him.
So what's my deal?
Oh, you want to cut yourself in?
I think I got it
coming to me, no?
I tipped you off to Ming, right?
Sounded the alarms.
My guys took
half of his guys out.
I killed for you.
So what's my part
in all this shit show?
How about some peace and quiet?
[laughs]
You're a funny guy.
Let's not forget
you took out my right-hand man.
You killed Jimmy the Creek.
Fifty percent,
half and half,
right down the fucking middle.
It's the right thing.
You took out Jimmy the Creek,
so you're getting 25%,
and you ought to be happy, Bill.
I should be happy?
You're gonna give me 25%?
After all this bullshit?
Are you out
of your fucking mind?
You started all this.
You came here to whack me.
I defended myself.
You wanted to take it all,
Bill, every bit,
but that's not gonna happen.
You know, the only reason
why you don't have a bullet
through your fucking skull
is 'cause you're
such a great earner.
That is fucking it.
I take you out,
New York sends a bunch of goons
claiming this is all theirs.
I don't fucking need
that bullshit.
♪ tense music ♪
You give me the 50%
we both know I deserve,
we're out of each other's hair, permanently.
Not gonna happen.
We're done here.
You know...
I was here long before you.
I'm gonna be here after.
Sleep on that.
[sighs]
- He doesn't look happy.
- [door opens]
I think that's gonna be
another problem.
[door closes]
Very perceptive, Goodie.
[chuckles]
♪ "Incense and Peppermints"
by Strawberry Alarm Clock ♪
***
These are my favorite.
They're bamboo, slow-burning.
Really great.
Uh, for sativa, I like
Purple Haze, Sour Diesel.
Did you want a sativa or hybrid?
Come here.
Me?
Yeah, you. Come here.
I'll be right back.
Can I help you?
This is, uh, Dwight's place.
Where is he?
Is he, uh, expecting you?
Is he here or not?
I'm sorry, uh, who are you?
None of your fucking business
who I am.
- [Fred] Whoa, whoa.
- Is he here or not?
Hey, man, we got a problem here?
- Yeah. Who the fuck are you?
- I'm security.
You're security?
You're gonna need security
if you don't go get
fucking Dwight right now.
You understand me?
Go call Tyson.
- Chill, all right?
- Chill?
So who's this fucking zombie?
Your backup?
[Fred] Hey, hey, hey.
Don't worry about him.
She's calling, all right?
How you doing, Spencer?
I'm fine.
Thanks for calling ahead.
Are you ready for your first
riding lesson?
Ah. Are you gonna go easy
on me today, big boy?
Mm, he's fine.
This week, he's going in
for his PATH certification.
He's gonna be
a great therapy horse.
Oh, you'll be his first client.
Excuse me?
- Don't listen to him.
- [Margaret] Hey!
- [Dwight] Margaret.
- [laughs] You made it.
Yeah.
I need a new hobby.
I thought you were gonna
chicken out.
- Aw, man.
- Excuse me?
- Fighting words, man.
- Chicken-- Did she say,
did she say the C-word?
Chicken. Did she?
- [chuckles]
- I don't think so.
I don't know
about the outfit, though.
A little overdressed.
I don't have a cowboy outfit.
I'll get you one,
and you'll wear it.
- Okay. Whatever you say.
- Okay.
Let's get this show on the road.
- [phone ringing]
- Wait, wait, before we move.
This horse looks bigger
than last time I saw him.
- Uh-uh.
- [Tyson] Hey, O.G.
What?
- He hasn't grown?
- Mm-mm.
Yeah?
All right. Yeah.
I'll be there.
We got to go.
Sorry to hit-and-run.
Be back soon. Bye.
What?
♪ pulsing, intriguing music ♪
***
Finally. What the fuck?
Who is this guy?
He threw me out of my office.
He threatened to break
Fred's jaw.
- You need me on your backup?
- No, it's personal. I got it.
Don't make a mess, please.
Yeah, sure.
You come into my place
and intimidate my people?
Get up!
Relax. I come in peace.
I mean, look at this place.
It's modern. You build it?
Of course you did.
You're always developing
something, right, General?
That's my desk.
Yeah. Of course.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to make amends.
When you're wrong,
you be a man, you admit it.
New York is where you belong.
It's in your blood.
I mean, Tulsa?
Are you fucking kidding me?
So you think
I should reconsider?
Yes!
Reconsider.
It was my father's idea
to send you out here,
and it was a terrible mistake.
- Your father?
- It was.
I loved him,
but the man wasn't perfect.
Let's face it.
Now, let's forget
about all this bullshit.
Okay? Come back home with me
to New York.
We'll take Vince out.
And then you could take
your rightful place beside me
in running this family.
The way you earn, your skills...
- My skills?
- Your skills.
Your leadership, it's special.
You're special.
You sound different, Chickie.
What do you mean?
"Different"? How?
Enlightened.
Like now you see the light.
I see what's ahead, Dwight.
And the future's fucking bright.
It's ironic.
You travel all the way out here
to see me,
and, when I'm on the inside,
you guys wouldn't travel
a couple of miles
to see me.
Ironic.
And you're right.
And I apologize for myself
and the family.
Thanks.
My life is here now.
Here? Middle of nowhere?
It's somewhere.
- It's where I belong.
- [sighs]
And snakes like you don't.
Fucking snake who lived
in the pathetic shadow
of your old man,
till you fucking killed him,
you pathetic fucking rat.
What the fuck are you
talking about?
I love my old man.
That's bullshit!
I don't know, maybe you've been
in the sun too fucking long.
This isn't a negotiation.
Maybe I ain't making
myself clear.
So listen up,
and listen up fucking good.
I am not going back
empty-handed.
Well, I'm not going back, either.
And you tell them
I'm not coming back.
And I hope you get
the fucking pain you deserve.
Now, get the fuck out.
I'm not going away.
[Armand]
You haven't met Bigfoot?
[Spencer]
No, I haven't.
[Armand] You can't miss him,
if you haven't seen him.
[Spencer]
Obviously.
[Armand]
Guy's like a fucking tree.
[Spencer] Why does everyone keep
talking about him?
[Armand]
'Cause he's remarkable.
[Spencer]
Okay.
[Spencer laughs]
[Armand]
It grows on you.
[Spencer]
It really does.
Well, well. Look who's here.
Sorry for showing up
unannounced.
Dwight said you might.
We just fed the horses.
Mucked out the stalls, as well.
Hmm.
[chuckling]
Is it my imagination, or...
do you no longer work here?
I don't, I just, I didn't have
anywhere else to go, so...
I mean, the last 12 years,
this place has been
my life, Margaret.
I mean, you,
the ranch hands, the horses...
It's like home here, you know?
It's all I know.
And, until recently,
it was the only thing
I didn't fuck up.
Yeah. And you did.
You were a good manager, Armand,
but... mm-mm.
I know, and I apologize
from the bottom of my heart.
I'm not the one
that needs to hear that.
We cleared the air
for quite a while.
See, I'm trying to get
my family back,
my wife and kids, and...
that's the most important thing.
If you could see your way
to let me have another chance,
that would really go
a long way with her.
I swear,
I'll be better than ever.
I want you in a program...
for the drinking.
Done.
So get back to work.
Thank you.
[Chickie]
B.B.
[shotgun racks]
Chickie.
What in the fuck
are you doing here?
Taking back what's mine.
Our thing goes back to what,
12th fucking century?
And all the time,
there's been rules,
an order to things.
I know you didn't come here
to lecture me
about the Sicilian Vespers.
I came here to talk to you,
boss to boss.
Boss to boss.
You just finished telling me
that they put you
on the shelf, Chick.
I mean, not for nothing,
but you don't have
that kind of juice right now.
Only 'cause I allowed it
to happen.
[scoffs]
How'd you even get here,
the Illinois Central?
What are you,
like, Boxcar fucking Willie?
My means of transportation
are irrelevant.
But you want to poke shots,
go ahead.
[chuckles]
No, no, I'm just being,
I'm being realistic, Chick.
What's not realistic?
That fucking Dwight's
bulletproof?
You should be thinking
about fixing things in New York
with your family,
first and foremost,
not going back at Dwight.
Hey. What is it
with you and this guy?
He's the root
of all my fucking problems.
Yours, too,
- if you're not careful.
- What the fuck does that mean?
Pulled the same shit with you.
You give him an inch,
he'll take a fucking mile.
He's a greedy fuck.
I'll give you that much.
And what happens
when that greed goes unchecked?
What kind of message
does that send?
We look weak.
I should've did this a year ago.
Two in the head
the second he went rogue
and stopped kicking up.
But instead,
out of respect to my father...
[sucks teeth]
I tried to be nice,
I tried to work with him,
be reasonable.
You want to whack him?
Rules are rules, Bill.
He's left me no choice.
Bottom line is,
I either whack Dwight
and take back what's mine,
or you help me
and we take back what's ours.
♪ slow, pensive music ♪
***
[crickets chirping]
[boots tapping floor]
What are you doing?
Getting my boot on.
It's the middle of the night.
It's 4 a.m.
Yeah, like I said. It's the...
[groans]
It's the middle of the night.
This is a ranch, honey.
This is when I get up.
Why?
Got to muck the stalls,
feed the horses.
Horses?
Can't you teach these things
to sleep later?
[scoffs] How about
I train you to sleep in?
Go back to bed.
Get your beauty rest.
Yeah.
That's real helpful.
[grunts]
Gosh. Damn.
♪ It's a good life ♪
♪ When you looking at
the city from a high-rise ♪
♪ Wake up in another country,
look how time flies ♪
♪ So much green you feeling
like you must be Popeye ♪
♪ Everybody want to be up
in my spotlight ♪
♪ That's right... ♪
Look, I hear you, I like it.
Let me think about it.
I got your message. What's up?
We're just having
a little marketing meeting here
for Mitch Keller's Car City.
We're brainstorming the
commercial we're gonna shoot.
Oh, what do you guys
have so far?
Oh, we were thinking
we'd give away some nifty swag.
Water bottles maybe,
or T-shirts.
Also, free, uh,
hot dogs once a week.
Wiener Wednesday.
Oh, I'm afraid to even ask
what this is about.
They thought it'd be great
if I dressed up
like a circus ringmaster
and Fred'd be my lion.
We ain't "lion."
We got the lowest prices
in town. [growls]
[laughs]
What do you think?
Come on, T-shirts?
Free hot dogs?
Who gives a shit?
I mean, at least offer people
something they want.
Gummies.
That's a great idea.
"Come to Mitch Keller's
Car City,
leave with your first DUI."
You're the one that went
to film school, right?
I mean, what would you do?
Something not lame.
Donnie Shore's commercials
were corny as shit.
Yeah, Donnie was a cornball.
You're a... sexy guy, you know?
You need a persona,
something hot.
I'm not an actor, Grace.
I've seen you on stage.
You're a showman.
And what's sales if not a show?
Let me think on it.
I'll think of something good.
Okay, deal.
Your tail is crooked.
[growls]
So tell me, are you signatories
of the Tribal Gaming Compact?
No, Jimmy was, and I need you
to assume his ownership.
Hey.
- What are you doing?
- Hey, man, I'm mingling, man.
- Mingling?
- Yeah.
Goodie, come on over.
Which amounted to what?
Fifteen percent.
Including food and beverage?
Nah, I didn't need Jimmy
for a liquor license.
Yeah, but you need us
to play those games,
which keeps people
eating and drinking.
Hmm, let's see, what's fair?
Twenty percent
of the gaming, all in.
Keeps the accounting cleaner.
I can work with that.
Good.
♪ "You Keep Me Hangin' On"
by Vanilla Fudge ♪
♪ Set me free,
why don't you babe? ♪
♪ Get out my life,
♪ You really don't want me ♪
♪ You just keep me
hangin' on... ♪
I want to do for weed
what Starbucks did for coffee.
So I charge exorbitant prices
for gratis WeWork stations?
Yes.
And a drive-through window.
- Yeah.
- How about uniforms?
First it's uniforms,
then it's marching orders,
then it's World War Weed.
No, I'm talking
Granny Smith green
biohazard jumpsuits,
like the Beastie Boys,
circa Hello Nasty.
Yeah, I mean,
I have "Song for Junior"
on permanent play in my house.
Ooh, the '90s.
The '90s were awesome, Bodhi.
Disagree. Yeah,
I spent half that decade
cooped up in my room
with social anxiety
and a ton of acne.
But I bet that's
how you discovered weed.
Yes, very intuitive.
Mm-hmm, yeah, also...
[laughing]
very stoned.
You do realize that this is
kind of a job interview, right?
But you don't need
to impress me.
You're already hired.
There's that Manfredi charm.
Yeah, maybe it's a good thing
that I'll be off
running the grow facility.
Oh, yeah.
- How's that going?
- Good.
We're almost done installing
a massive hydroponic farm
made from red cedar, multi-wall
polycarbonate sheeting
and quantum board LEDs.
And pretty soon, we'll be
cultivating quality crumble
and selling it
on the black market
for almost 100% profit.
If that's possible.
That's great.
And I'll be here,
keeping the home fires burning.
Good.
I got one question though. Um...
where's my office?
What'd you say?
[clucks tongue]
My office.
- Your office?
- Yeah.
Kidding. Follow me.
You're silly.
You're so silly.
[laughs]
[Bigfoot]
Whoa.
Lift your arms.
Not necessary.
[jazzy music playing]
Goodie, how are you?
Chickie, how's it going?
Good.
Thanks for meeting with us,
General.
Well, things got
a little hot the other day.
You two said
you had a proposition?
We do, we do.
Like we discussed on the phone.
Chickie here thinks that Tulsa's
become a bone of contention.
All three of us have a claim.
I agree.
Right.
You two have
a bone of contention.
What is ours is ours, Chickie.
[scoffs]
This fucking guy.
Okay, let's say
everything is yours.
Okay, we're talking
about expanding.
Nebraska, Iowa, Arkansas.
Because all these places
have been run
by a bunch of shit-kickers
just like it was here.
- [Dwight] Hmm.
- What you did in Tulsa,
we could easily do
in any of these places.
Like a franchise.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, we send a guy
to set it up,
and then we all get a big piece.
So in theory...
we'd be in business together
and live happily ever after?
Why the fuck not?
What do you think?
Don't worry about him.
He came up with the idea.
He likes it.
Dwight.
Everybody wins.
You fuck.
Fifty percent.
You earned it.
- Please take him out.
- [door opens]
[door closes]
[birds chirping]
Now, as you can see
from the communications
- that we intercepted, we--
- Hey, boss.
Just hung up
with headquarters in D.C.
They're requesting everything
we have on Dwight Manfredi.
What's that about?
They wouldn't say.
Huh, so much for sharing intel.
Give 'em what we've got.
Now, these four substations
are vulnerable
for different reasons.
[mysterious music playing]
[lively country music playing]
Ladies and gentlemen,
drivers of all ages,
welcome
to Mitch Keller's Car City!
The place where high prices
are slashed!
It's criminal
to overpay for a car.
See Mitch Keller for a deal
that's a cut above the rest.
That's right, folks,
let us protect you
from those other
unscrupulous dealers
and their exorbitant prices.
Having a hard time cutting
your bills down to size?
Come see me about
our easy credit terms.
Bad credit? No credit?
No problem.
We're here with a car for you.
So come on down to...
[all]
Mitch Keller's Car City!
[cheering, clamoring]
- Bravo!
- Bravo, bravo.
All right, first I want to thank
my wonderful director Grace...
[cheering, applause]
...Clint, Fred and Bodhi.
For breaking me out
of my cinematic shell.
Ladies and gentlemen, will you
give a round of applause.
Our old boss man would like
to say a word.
Mr. Dwight Manfredi!
[cheering, applause]
Yeah!
Wise guy.
[laughter]
This is not comfortable.
Right?
This, I'm not used to this.
But, okay, here it goes.
I am very, very happy because
I'm seeing everyone out there
also looking happy.
So, that's a wonderful thing,
because we've been through
a lot together.
I spent a long time away.
It wasn't a vacation.
It was pretty bad.
But during that time,
I really had
to ponder these questions like,
"What's life all about?
What's the secret of happiness?"
Everything. Well, guess what?
It's not easy to figure out,
and no one really is ever gonna
crack that code, definitively.
What else is there?
Well, there's nothing
more important
than trustworthy friendship,
loyalty, family--
ah, Joanne, love you--
my daughter,
my grandkids,
and, of course, Margaret.
My God, what do you see in me?
I don't know.
[laughter]
Last but not least is,
we are now legit,
and you do not have to look
over your shoulder anymore!
- Yeah!
- [whooping]
And after this weekend,
everyone's going
to get a fair cut
of all the businesses.
Okay? So, I want you
to enjoy yourselves.
You really deserve it.
And the last thing is,
you're young.
You don't stay that way forever,
so really enjoy it.
And... [laughs]
This is a terrible pun, but,
"Life goes by faster
than a speeding bullet."
- [laughter]
- Okay. Thank you all.
- [cheering]
- Yeah.
Yeah!
I think I'll keep you.
That's a good idea. Thank you.
[both laugh]
[laughing]
How much do you cost?
- Priceless.
- [laughs]
[crickets chirping]
[man]
Don't fucking move!
Fuck! Hey!
- Hey!
- Put your hands
where I can see them.
Just cooperate,
and you won't get hurt.
[panting]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[lock buzzes]
- [light clacks on]
- [grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Who are you?
[male voice]
You work for us now.
[panting]
♪ percussive, upbeat music ♪
***